Add new NativeCurlClient (#262)
kbsali/php-redmine-api: README.md

+$client->setCustomHost('https://localhost:8080');

```
#### 2. Psr-18 compatible Client `Redmine\Client\Psr18Client`

> > :bulb: This client was introduced in `php-redmine-api` v1.7.0. If you are
> > using the old `Redmine\Client` please [see this migration guide for help to
> > upgrade your code](docs/migrate-to-psr18client.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :bulb: This client was introduced in `v1.7.0` of this library. If you are using the old `Redmine\Client` please [follow this migration guide](docs/migrate-to-psr18client.md). 
```
